
# Release Notes for Rainbow
The aim of Rainbow is to be an useful, powerful and stable software 
for all people that want to learn, understand and study how a 
conceptual operating systems works, in particular from the point of 
view of the scheduler of processes. The main changes are reported below.

 
Iced-features:

- Add junit tests
- Simulation of a multi-core system
- Simulation of Linux / Unix system
- Adding a view for comparing the different Scheduling policies
- Generalise this software for simulating business processes and resources (and not just computer processes and resources)
- other ideas? :)

3.2.16

 - removed import function for old binary CFC configuration files
 - Re-packaging of classes using org.rainbow
 - Use of Maven instead of Ant.

3.2.14

 - Moved the source code to github 

3.2.12

 - Bug correction. Added minimal support for future implementation of multi-core process simulation.

3.2.10

 - Modularisation of the GUI. Separated Toolbar, Menubar, and Views from RainbowMainGUI. This improves 
 readability and code extension.

3.2.8

 - Simplified the multi-language management by integrating the language configuration in 1 place. 

3.2.6

 - Removed automated advancement and replaced with a multi-step mechanism of advancement

3.2.4 

 - Re-design of the Scheduler package in order to enable the development of alternative Schedulers. This aims to broaden the uses of this Simulator.


Before v3.2: 

 - Support of internationalisation;
 - New design and implementation of the modules:
   Scheduler, SimulatedProcess, AssignmentPolicy, Resource, DataInput;
 - Support of the mechanism ICPP (Immediate Ceiling Priority Protocol);
 - Modular and easy configuration of the Rainbow system;
 - New scheduling policies: Multilevel Feedback, Preemptive Multilevel Feedback, Multilevel Feedback with Dynamic Quantum, Preemptive Multilevel Feedback with Dynamic quantum.
 - New assignment policy : Highest Priority First
 - Export the configuration in html files;
 - Maximum layout;
 - English translation of all the source code, Help and About menu;
 - GNU license v.2;
 - Java 1.6 compatible;
 - New icons Nuvola;
 - Improvement of the Look 'n' Feel;
 - Added themes menu and status bar;
 - Makefile generated by mmake;
 - XML configuration files.
 